[HIROTO sighs]
Another dead end, huh?
Someone could at
least leave a design
in the employee
storage or something.
Still, they can't
go and mindwipe
the people they've
contracted with.
One would suspect that
they're looking to
start producing hardware
on a large scale soon.
Everything is ready,
just like you asked for.
It was no minor feat,
but the CEO will be
meeting with Doctor Asama.
Good idea, right?
Now then, let's launch Operation
Talk to the Co‐Author
of Doctor Korogi's Thesis!
[RAITA]
You understand that in order to
secure this appointment,
the CEO had to
create a new charitable
foundation in his field.
Well, that's what it
takes to get people
to play ball sometimes, right?
He is a shrewd one.
Don't forget about all
she's done for you.
Yeah, yeah.
[CEO 03A] Doctor Asama,
you've known Doctor Korogi
for quite some time, correct?
Yes. He and I've been
acquainted for years.
[CEO 03A] And what would you say
if I asked you to describe him?
Brilliant, nearly to the
point of being insufferable.
Do I also recall
correctly that you were
the sole co‐author
working with Doctor Korogi
on his thesis in the field
of computer science?
Yes.
[CEO 03A] Do you have
any memories you would
care to share with us
from that time?
[ASAMA chuckles]
Well that would depend.
Have you read the thesis?
Yes. I read through
it back when I was
studying under him
during grad school.
Natural Language Processing:
Automatically Generated
Corpus Samples
and High‐Precision
Text Segmentation.
Using the Korogi‐Asama
Model Algorithm.
Yes, that's the one. Pardon.
It seems you know
his work quite well.
The real‐world application
of his theory
forms the basis for our
company's product line.
It's a work of art.
I can hardly conceive of
a theory more
beautifully constructed.
Nor can I. It moved me.
Now I've built a
business giving life
to the technology
he envisioned.
Yes, and it seems quite safe
to call this business a success.
And, with the help of
this new foundation,
my field now stands to reap the
benefits of that
success, I suppose.
[CEO 03A]
Let's get back to the subject.
In the course of your research,
do you recall any of the
exchanges between you?
Oh, absolutely. In particular,
he would frequently
philosophize about love.
Really?
[ASAMA] "We're born
out of an act of love,
and happiness in our lives is
derived from the love of others.
So I would like to
quantify it. Love."
The doctor said that?
There's been research into
"measures of happiness."
‐‐But to quantify‐‐
‐‐Of course. It was a lark.
An idle thought he
never sought to realize.
Then why?
Why fixate on an
unanswerable question?
[ASAMA]
I can only guess.
Although, if I must,
perhaps it was for the
sake of a family member.
[HIROTO]
So I was right.
Our dear Doctor Korogi
had a family after all.
[ANCHOR 04A] We'll report
more on the investigation...
[HINA yawns]
Good morning.
Good morning to you,
Hina. Did you sleep well?
[HINA]
Mmhmm.
[TOKIKO]
Does toast sound good?
Yup.
[TOKIKO] You take milk and sugar
in your coffee, don't you?
Yup.
...Ms. Tengan?
Any summer plans?
[KAKO] Oh, I'm constantly
making plans...
And what be this?
I'm watching 'cause
Kako Tengan is on.
[TOKIKO] Yota's a little bit
obsessed with her.
[HINA]
I know not the name.
[YOTA] She's one of the best
lawyers of our time!
And gorgeous.
And generally brilliant.
And I really wanna meet her.
And wherefore?
Hast thou forgotten
the brilliant embodiment
of womanly allure
with whom thou sharest thy days?
Who? Izanami?
Me, fool! Open thy eyes
to the allure of me!
Or not.
[HINA humming]
[YOTA] You're pretty into that.
So are you a Mahjong fan now?
I am enthralled!
Yea, it doth tax the mind
and stir the heart.
Indeed, tis a great thrill!
Victory is mine!
Now rejoice, as yet another
boon I grant to thee.
Yea, for ere long, shalt thou
meet the fair Kako Tengan.
Huh.
[HINA] For in thy name I
prevailed, and in thy name,
I have claimed a seat at
the Libertas final table,
two days hence.
And there the lady
barrister presideth.
[YOTA]
What craziness did you say?!
It's true.
My name is right there
on the player list!
Holy crap, I'm trending!
Yea, for the champion
of Mahjong Online
soon takes to the earthly realm.
[YOTA gasps]
[HINA] Never again shall
such an opportunity arise
to meet the lady Tengan.
Yeah, but see,
I know nothing at all
about mahjong.
Indeed, and therefore
I shall offer thee
my knowledge of the game!
Yea, 'tis done.
Isn't there more for me
to learn before then?
Nay, 'twould be to no end,
as fortune doth smile upon thee.
Okay, but it can't hurt
to look up the ru‐‐
[HINA]
Desist!
Why should I?
Lies fester online
as worms in filth!
[YOTA]
Then what am I supposed to do?
Proceed in thy life as usual.
[HINA gasps]
How could a creature so small
conceal items of
such great size?
[YOTA] I bet the chests
were on the ground,
but the monsters hid them.
Using mirrors placed
in the cave beforehand.
What skill!
Yet despite their ingenuity,
they lack the sense to flee
an unwinnable fight!
[YOTA]
I'm heading out. Bye.
Wow, someone's got
his game face on.
Whoa. Ashura? You're here.
Ashura?! This jerk
has a god name, too?!
[YOTA] I guess I never
really introduced you, huh.
[HINA] Everybody you know
has a god name!
Why do I gotta be
boring crappy Hina?
So what's the anime nun
still doing here?
She's staying with my family
'cause, yeah. So, what's up?
The whole internet's
been tellin' me my boy Yota's
about to accomplish
some real big things.
Obviously, your friends
came to cheer you on.
Yes. Hi.
[YOTA]
Izanami?
Oh my. You two
have grown rather close.
‐‐Um, we are not close!
‐‐Yea, for I uplift him!
[YOTA]
Anyway, why are you here?
I have some
familiarity with mahjong.
That cool? We're with you.
Thanks. Let's go then.
I'm off to win!
For motives thou
shan't disclose.
[DAICHI] Hmm. Hey, honey,
do you have any idea
where my good suit's gone?
Uh‐oh. I might have
made a mistake
and taken it in
with the dry cleaning.
[ASHURA]
Give 'em hell, bro.
We're gonna be up in
the stands cheering for ya.
[YOTA] So these are the
people I'm up against, huh?
[DIRECTOR 04A]
Ms. Tengan has arrived.
Pleased to meet you.
I'm Kako Tengan.
It's so good to
have you here today.
[YOTA]
Wow. It's really her!
Just as the name of the
event would suggest,
the Libertas Cup should
exhibit a free style of play.
So I hope you'll
show me something fresh.
Play a game of mahjong
like I've never seen before.
Not bound by convention.
Ah, and you.
Yes?
Dear, your bold tactics turned
the online mahjong
world on its head.
Now that you've made it here,
I can see them in the flesh.
[YOTA]
I have to meet her expectations!
And win this game I don't know.
[AKIRA] Now I'm ready to show
my novel tactics to the world.
Sounds fun!
Whaddya think about him?
Can't say from just that.
Fair.
[YOTA] If you drilled a monkey
on the rules for long enough,
you could make it a mahjong pro.
To me that's nothing
worth wanting.
What I want is to
push to my limits
and take my skills somewhere
beyond human potential.
What I want is to play
the mahjong of the gods...
Good, good. He has
done as I instructed.
Yota's talkin' the talk,
and he'll walk the walk, too!
The time has come.
Let the match begin!
[SARUTAHIKO] It's fair to say
this match will determine
who's the best young player
in the Mahjong world.
[COMMENTATOR 04A]
Eyes on amateur Narukami,
who cut through the internet
prelims to get here.
[KAKO] Let's see how his
play holds up in person.
[SARUTAHIKO]
Koganeyama looking to form
a complete hand straight away.
[HISAHARU]
Riichi!
[COMMENTATOR 04A] Koganeyama,
pre‐emptive dealer riichi!
[YOTA] The tile is sideways.
That means something, right?
A superstition.
[YOTA] Oh, that's right.
It means nothing!
There!
[HISAHARU]
Ron!
[COMMENTATOR 04A]
An ippatsu riichi!
All simple pinfu with one dora!
With the ura dora,
that's a dealer haneman!
That cost him 18,000 points!
[ASHURA] What's up?
Everyone's making noises
like he did something crazy.
Yeah. Threw away points.
Aye, for a handicap.
[YOTA] I just lost
a buncha point sticks.
I gotta get 'em back!
[AKIRA]
Pon!
[COMMENTATOR 04A] Yatagarasu
with a green dragon pung!
There's a red dragon!
[AKIRA]
Pon!
[COMMENTATOR 04A]
Yatagarasu has a ready hand!
[SARUTAHIKO] There's two
dragon groups revealed.
They'd have to be fools
to move on this.
[YOTA]
It's blank? What's going on?
'Tis a factory error.
[YOTA]
Well screw it then!
[AKIRA]
Ron! 16,300!
[COMMENTATOR 04A]
Narukami takes the bait!
A half flush, all pungs,
little three dragons.
A baiman hand!
[KYOKO] He went bankrupt
after two hands.
So, that's bad?
He has negative points, so yes.
Narukami doesn't seem
interested in winning.
I find this so intriguing.
He's surely building up
to something here.
[YOTA]
No, I'm out of point sticks!
I just gotta complete a hand!
Wait. Hina told me
about an arrangement
I think I can score with here.
Shouldst thou obtain the
same number in different colors,
points shall flow!
Ron! Eat this!
Okay. Is there a yaku there?
What does Narukami think he has?
Mixed, double chow!
What is a double chow?
[COMMENTATOR 04A]
What is Narukami doing?
[SARUTAHIKO]
Does he not know the rules?
Why do these people
look like they're about to riot?
He got a chombo.
[ASHURA gasps]
What's that?
It's like a foul.
The guy's a rank amateur.
How do we deal with this?
[KAKO]
He's not.
The Libertas Cup is
about freedom in mahjong.
It's about an approach to the
game unfettered by convention.
That young man has seen
past the surface of the tiles.
He's turning them
into something new.
Play on. No penalty.
But in exchange for
recognizing this hand,
from here on out, Narukami is
forbidden to play existing yaku.
[COMMENTATOR 04A] In a shocking
turn, the tournament organizer
allows Narukami's
mixed double chow yaku!
It's a valid hand!
This makes no sense.
[HINA chuckles, cackles]
[YOTA] Nice! I got back
some of the points I lost!
Just gotta remember
what the next rule was.
Suited tiles in
sequence may be played.
And their number?
Yea, they shall number
as many as thou please!
[YOTA]
Perfect. That means...
Ron!
[COMMENTATOR 04A]
Narukami with, let's find out!
[YOTA]
Partial pure straight!
[ALL gasp]
Why aren't the last
two tiles there?
[TETSUYA]
Riichi!
[COMMENTATOR 04A]
Hikawa's been biding his time.
Now on the offensive!
[TETSUYA]
Kan!
[COMMENTATOR 04A]
Concealed east tile kong!
And the kan dora is east!
He's loaded with dora!
[TETSUYA]
Tsumo.
[COMMENTATOR 04A] Hikawa wins
straight off the draw
from the kong! With that,
he is now on top!
[YOTA] So you get more
dora when you do that,
which means you get more points.
[HINA] Gather the tiles of the
east, west, south, and north,
and for thy feat
be blessed! [gasps]
[YOTA]
I have all of those!
Not sure how it works,
but I'm doin' it!
Full compass set!
That is not a thing.
[COMMENTATOR 04A] And Narukami
flips a dora indicator.
[SARUTAHIKO]
I think he must be confused.
[YOTA]
That's my play! Ron!
Full compass set, three dora!
[COMMENTATOR 04A]
Narukami with yet another hand
never before played in mahjong!
Koganeyama in the dealer
seat for this pivotal hand.
[YOTA] Wow, my hand
is a complete mess.
[gasps]
When the indicator be nine,
the dora returneth to one.
Thus, without doubt.
[YOTA]
Hey, that's right!
Ron!
Narukami showing only
three valid groups.
[SARUTAHIKO] It appears he's
arguing that eight, nine,
and one constitute a valid chow.
[KAKO] The dora wraps around
when the indicator is nine.
But to try and form
a chow based on that...
Aye, the dora augmenteth
thy score by one han.
Yet, what then of its neighbor?
[YOTA] Obviously it should
give you half the points!
[YOTA]
Ron! Mixed double chow!
Dora neighbor dora neighbor!
[COMMENTATOR 04A]
Not a dora dora.
It's a dora neighbor
dora neighbor!
[ASHURA] Awesome.
That's two hands in a row!
[KYOKO]
But he's still a ways behind.
[COMMENTATOR 04A]
Narukami with a ready hand.
[SARUTAHIKO]
Looks like pure outside groups.
[HINA] If thy hand beareth
a terminal in each group
then it be pure.
And therefore...
Ron!
Does he have it?
No! His last tile looked
like the one of characters
when his hand was on it,
but it's the two!
Outside‐ish!
[COMMENTATOR 04A]
There's a non‐terminal group!
Hell yeah, Yota's
momentum's pickin' up!
He just broke even!
[YOTA gasps]
[HINA] Thou may'st
form thy hand's pair
using the tile thy
opponent casts off.
But neither "chii" nor "pon"
shalt thou then declare.
Poh.
Poh?!
Poh...?
So he should have just
revealed a group with that.
He flips just one.
No way. Calling for a pair?
Poh! Poh!
[COMMENTATOR 04A] Narukami
calling back‐to‐back poh!
[YOTA]
Ron. Open seven pairs!
Dora neighbor, dora neighbor!
Yeah!
[COMMENTATOR 04A]
Good hands all around.
They're about to clash.
‐‐Huh?
‐‐[AKIRA] Riichi!
What's this? Yatagarasu
with a pre‐emptive riichi!
[YOTA]
More gambling rituals.
‐‐[TETSUYA] Riichi.
‐‐[YOTA gasps]
[COMMENTATOR 04A]
Hikawa answers!
[YOTA]
This guy, too?
Pon.
[COMMENTATOR 04A]
Koganeyama called on a dora!
He's up against two
riichi and a dora pung.
So something really
bad's happening?
[YOTA] Whatever's happening,
it seems like it's really bad!
Oh yeah!
[HINA]
As it is in Uno. So too here!
Skip turn!
[ALL gasp]
[COMMENTATOR 04A]
Narukami skips!
He's denying them his tiles!
He refuses to draw or discard!
God, this boy is brilliant!
[COMMENTATOR 04A]
That's it.
South Round Game
Three is a draw!
[sighs]
[YOTA]
I survived.
[COMMENTATOR 04A]
At last.
This hand determines the
winner of the Libertas Cup!
Huh?
[ASHURA]
Something looks off.
He has extra tiles.
That's a chombo, but...
[ASHURA] They're still
going, aren't they?
[HINA]
How many yaku may a hand bear?
I say to thee, every yaku.
[YOTA]
Of course!
The more tiles I have,
the more chances to score!
Let's go.
[YOTA]
Compass set!
There it is!
Narukami's signature.
A full compass set!
[YOTA]
These aren't the tiles I need.
[gasps]
As in Uno, so in Mahjong.
This I do declare!
Reverse!
[COMMENTATOR 04A] Narukami has
reversed the draw order!
Uh, um, me?
[CROWD murmuring]
He's got all of
the pros chattering!
[YOTA] All right. Time for
me to try out that ritual!
[YOTA]
Riichi!
[COMMENTATOR 04A]
Narukami calls his first riichi
here at the end!
Except, that'd be an
actual yaku, wouldn't it?
For right now.
Pardon me?
[YOTA]
Riichi!
[COMMENTATOR 04A] Narukami
places a second tile sideways!
What can we call this other
than a "consecutive riichi"?
See? Another novel
yaku, is it not?
[YOTA]
Riichi!
[COMMENTATOR 04A] He keeps
going! Three riichi in one hand!
[HINA] Yea, and thusly shall
thy hand be made complete,
and it shall be the
strongest of hands.
Infinite riichi!
[YOTA]
Tsumo!
Infinite Riichi.
Compass set.
Dora neighbor dora neighbor!
Partial pure straight.
Mixed double chow!
Nonsense! But it is
still a complete hand!
Five and ten thousand!
[COMMENTATOR 04A] For two
different implausible scores!
Three continuances,
2,000 deposited.
And that means...
[COMMENTATOR 04A]
That play put him in first.
Yota Narukami takes the cup!
Yeah!
He won.
Japanese mahjong, reinvented
right before our eyes!
Ah! He's just fascinating.
[COMMENTATOR 04A] The cup goes
to Narukami, and of course,
the cash prize along with it.
Great work.
Thank you so much!
And, now, to Sarutahiko.
Have any thoughts?
No, no comment.
Didn't think so.
Ms. Tengan, as the
organizer of this event,
would you care to
offer any comments?
I would. I have no doubt that
this boy's unorthodox
play upset many viewers.
But if you ask me, he has
opened new frontiers in mahjong.
The game has been born again.
Today's match is certain
to go down in history.
And even if it's
in a small way,
even if the Fourth Libertas Cup
is nothing but a footnote,
then my work will be done.
Thanks. Ladies and gentlemen,
that's the end of our broadcast.
See you next time!
[CREW chattering]
[DIRECTOR 04A]
Excellent work, everyone.
[YOTA gasps]
Ms. Tengan?
Hey. Congratulations, Narukami.
Winning a mahjong match without
playing one recognized
yaku is no small feat.
Your mind must've been racing!
Oh, hardly! I was
barely thinking!
[HINA cackling]
[YOTA] I just did
what Hina told me to.
Seeing you play is like watching
a master artist at work.
Truly exquisite.
Uh, I'm glad you liked it.
So. Will you come out tonight?
For the party.
We need our champ, don't we?
[YOTA gasps] Oh no. I'm not
old enough to drink, ma'am!
I gotta get home to my‐‐
Oh, babe. Do what
you do, let me drink.
And then, you can show
me your endless riichi.
In fact...
Hey. I've got a
single booked. So...
[YOTA screams]
Far more than fame alone shall
be the spoils of thy conquest.
A queen's heart
shalt thou plunder.
There's no way I can do that!
You're Kako Tengan!
[KAKO]
I am!
And you're all over
the TV and stuff!
Guilty. You no like?
No. I do. But, like, uh...
Please show me your
endless riichi.
Lay it on the table.
[YOTA squeals]
[YOTA] Is this it? Am I ready
to cross this threshold?
[KAKO] I don't have to play.
I just wanna see you do it.
Make it grow. Show me
how big it can get.
[gasps]
[YOTA]
But still, I... I just...
Ms. Kako Tengan!
I called it "infinite"
but eventually
the last tile is played!
And like our time
together, it ends.
[KAKO] What? Why should it?
You could score big here.
Most players won't see a yaku of
this caliber in their careers!
You'd throw away the best
hand you're ever gonna get?
You see, another woman
has taken my heart now,
leaving me in furiten.
Which means...
I can't score now!
But why? How could you
just shoot me down?
Wait. You, shoot down me?
Hey, you! Apprehend
the shameless tease
who humiliated me!
[CRONY 04A]
Right!
[screams] This is my
dad's one good suit!
Get after him!
Don't run!
[YOTA panting]
[ASHURA] Hey, there's
the champ! Good job, Yota!
Where is Izanami?
Gone home. Why?
[YOTA] Already? I hoped
she might at least
stick around and
talk to me first!
So, did ya get the booty?
[YOTA]
That loot's too high‐level!
Ah, 'tis a waste.
If thou now abstain,
when wilt thou partake?
For only 13 days remain.
[YOTA]
I'm running out of time.
My last summer of high
school is almost over!